

# Attendees:
JEns 
Israel
Petar 
Albert 
Jens

# Agenda:
- Catch up on what we have talked about the last couple of days
	- What we are making
	- GSTP
		- The call we have looked at (How we are going to try to fit our proposal into that)
- Things on the form we are in doubt about 
	- TRL Level
	- Timeline
		- One which is realistic for our product. 
		- or one which resembles the one on the call
	- How much should we prove in the technical ANNEX
	- Amount to file for? Budget?
- IPR
	- No patent for now?
- Business 
	- In what capacity do you want to participate.
	- We feel like we may need someone with business knowledge

# Notes:

Petar tager ordet: 
1. What problem are we solving 
	- intermittent connectivity 
	- Connctivity infrastrucure 
	What is the first cusomters
	- Standalone satellite operator 
		- invest in ground infrastructure 
		- Instead invest in space 
	Standardization of infrastructure 

2. Customer: 
	Sternula? 
	GOMSpace? etc. 
	Make a list of companies which could be our customers
	- For each customer how are they solving it today?
		kapella aerospace 
		planetlab 
	
3. How do we do it?
	Block diagram
	Connection management module 
	buffering establishment
		How is doppler handled by the radio 
		Can we make it so that we dont have to have both ends. If we can do if from one end we are golden. 
		Idrs began how to make moving users work with a standard for stationary users
4.  Constraints

Fixed wireless acces. in 5G. 
GSTP: 
Focus on architecture, make a block diagram where its just connection management module.  

IPR: 

Connection mannagement 
	- Tracking the link of satellite operators 
	- Multiple satellites 
	- Connection establishment with multiple operators 
	- How the links are selected
	- Select rate to transmit with 
	- Precomensation of doppler 
	- Counter moving utility
Talk with Gert about IPR so we can get 